docs: Update BYOB doc (#2390)
slsa-framework/slsa-github-generator: BYOB.md

In this example, we will assume there is an existing [GitHub Action](https://github.com/laurentsimon/byob-doc/tree/v0.0.1/action.yml) which builds an artifact. The Action is fairly simple: it just [echos the parameters into the artifact](https://github.com/laurentsimon/byob-doc/tree/v0.0.1/action.yml#L58). It also takes a [username, password and token](https://github.com/laurentsimon/byob-doc/tree/v0.0.1/action.yml#L31-L34) to retrieve / push information from a remote registry. Like popular release Actions, it [releases the built artifact to GitHub releases](https://github.com/laurentsimon/byob-doc/tree/v0.0.1/action.yml#L67-L78). It outputs the [name of the built artifact and the status of the build](https://github.com/laurentsimon/byob-doc/tree/v0.0.1/action.yml#L35-L41). See the full [action.yml](https://github.com/laurentsimon/byob-doc/tree/v0.0.1/action.yml).

> ### Supported Triggers
> 
> The following triggers are supported: `create`, `release`, `push` and `workflow_dispatch`, as recommended by the [SLSA specifications](https://github.com/slsa-framework/github-actions-buildtypes/tree/main/workflow/v1#description).
> 

Reviewer: nit: suggested update pulled from the Node.js builder doc. I'll probably update that doc to link here in the future.

```suggestion
### Supported Triggers

Only the following [event types] are supported as recommended by the [SLSA specifications](https://github.com/slsa-framework/github-actions-buildtypes/tree/main/workflow/v1#description):

| Supported event type  | Event description                          |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| [`create`]            | Creation of a git tag or branch.           |
| [`release`]           | Creation or update of a GitHub release.    |
| [`push`]              | Creation or update of a git tag or branch. |
| [`workflow_dispatch`] | Manual trigger of a workflow.              |

`pull_request` events are currently not supported. If you would like support for
`pull_request`, please tell us about your use case on
[issue #358](https://github.com/slsa-framework/slsa-github-generator/issues/358). If
you have an issue related to any other triggers please submit a
[new issue](https://github.com/slsa-framework/slsa-github-generator/issues/new/choose).

[event types]: https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/events-that-trigger-workflows
[`create`]: https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/events-that-trigger-workflows#create
[`release`]: https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/events-that-trigger-workflows#release
[`push`]: https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/events-that-trigger-workflows#push
[`workflow_dispatch`]: https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/events-that-trigger-workflows#workflow_dispatch
```
